Now I want "A Trainer Just Now Entered into the App" - Beginner .He Should be able to select basic stage pokemons like "pikachu","Bulbasaur","Charmander","Squirtle","Machop" and so many other in a drop down .Here he should be able to select only one pokemon and then when there is a battle the opponent should also contains only one pokemon.As for now let the computer can take any basic pokemon with some opponent name .When the Win Count of the trainer is 15 using that specific baisc pokemon, that pokemon should Evolve and create some different border design as it went to stage 2.For Example "Stage1 : pikachu, Stage 2 : Raichu "likewise stages should be upgraded as starting stage win count should be 15 , The  pokemon which is in stage 2 should be evolved to stage 3 after 15 wins count means +5 win count will be added for every stage evolution. and Another function is Afrer each  2 Wins from Beginning , There should be Option popping up using card as "Unlock your second Pokemon", In that there should be given a new basic stage pokemon to trainer. Hence now the trainer has two pokemons with him.this should continue till 20 wins and after 20 wins stage 2 pokemons after 3 wins ,"Unlock your new pokemon" should pop up with card, but from here stage 2 pokemons should be given to trainer .same like wise after 20 wins "stage 3" pokemons , then  after each 3 wins .So here he will store his stage 1 and stage 2 pokemons in his Room of Pokemons. It should continue till Level 5 Pokemons.Here before If the trainer has one pokemon with him, the opponent should also contain only one pokemon, if the trainer has 2 pokemons to battle, the opponent also should contain 2 pokemons and likewise.If the trainer has more than 3 pokemons, he should be able to select his best 3 pokemons to battle likewise same with the opponent. and here one more you add as Badges ,After Each battle who wins he should get a badge from the Gym Leader.The gym Leader matches will be conducted after every 5 wins and
Most Gym Leaders use 1 to 6 Pokémon, depending on difficulty.
Usually:
Basic Level Gym leaders: 1–2 Pokémon. It should have 1 star badge
Mid Level Gyms: 3–4 Pokémon.           It should have  5 star badge
Final Level Gyms: 4–6 Pokémon.          It should have 10 star badge.

Gym Leaders may use fewer Pokémon in single battles to balance gameplay.
Typically 2–4 Pokémon per Gym battle.
Some battles include double battles (2 Pokémon at once).It depends on difficulty level.
Note: As for now the opponent should be computer and name should be Any Name.But the Gym Leader names take from pokemon site.